# Lab-work

## Video Link: 
https://ual.cloud.panopto.eu/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=558645cf-0919-4c03-bf6f-afcd00fc373b

YouTube video: https://youtu.be/UHy9vchA1U8

## Week1- work
I made a solar system with openframeworks and ofMaxi. 
The background is stars that change colours randomly, they are always shining and moving. In the middle is a sound melody made of three lines of different shapes, which will change shape continuously according to the movement of the mouse. The lower sphere is the sun, its colour and radius also change with the mouse coordinates. Surrounding the planets, the closer the planet is to the sun, the faster the orbiting speed, and the farther the planet is slower. The radiuses and colours of the planets will also change as the mouse is moved.

## Boids-Virus
I made two classes based on boids. One group is the virus and the other is the white blood cell. At first they come out from the opposite direction. The covid-19 virus is orange, and gathers together, always flashing. And the white blood cell is more than The virus is big, it changes its shape all the time to chase and kill the virus. And the white blood cells move very fast because they want to destroy the virus as quickly as possible.

## Boids-Leaves
The leaves here are adapted from boids. Branches are generated by 8 rotations and positioning. So the vertices of each branch can be positioned. Therefore, the initial position of the leaves can be determined through 8 times of positioning. This will give the appearance of the leaves being blown away.

## Week5-Puzzle
I made a puzzle. Arrange the dates of each day according to 26 letters. February 27, 2023 is the letter A, the 26th is Z, and the 25th is Y. On the contrary, the 27th is B, and the 28th is C. Then calculate List all the dates on the picture card. The conclusion can be drawn by the order of the date difference and the remainder value in the alphabetical block.

## Week6-Numpy & Tensorflow
Through Numpy's image recognition and management, image information can be obtained through a series of formulas, such as sorting, size, shape, color, pixels, etc. And Gaussian graphics can be produced through Tensorflow.

